
The primary objective of Request Fulfillment process is to?
(1 Point)

Source and deliver the components of requested services

Provide information to users about the availability of various services and procedure for obtaining them

Fulfil a request for service and answer requests for information

All of the above
2.What is INDG’s SLA for request fulfillment?
(1 Point)

Response Time: 8hrs, Resolution Time: 24 hrs

Response Time: 4hrs, Resolution Time: 12 hrs

Response Time: 12hrs, Resolution Time: 24 hrs

Response Time: 4hrs, Resolution Time: 24 hrs
3.Who can promote the Major Incident?
(1 Point)

Major Incident Manager

Service Desk

Management Team

Problem Manager
4.Which of the following statements is true about a service request and a service catalog?
(1 Point)

Service Request is a subset of Service Catalog

Service Catalog is a subset of Service Request

Services listed in the Catalogue can be requested by creating a service request

Service Catalog is a Service Request portal
5.What is a Request Model?
(1 Point)

A repeatable way of dealing with a particular type of service request

Performing activities to meet a need or requirement

A database containing all the resolution actions performed on service requests

Actions defined for the fulfillment of service requests
6.What is difference between Work notes and Additional comments?
(1 Point)

Both are same

Work notes are for Technical Teams, Additional Comments are for Users

Work notes are for user, Additional Comments are for Technical teams

None of the above
7.What should an end-user do to log a request if the requested service is not in ServiceNow’s standard catalog item?
(1 Point)

Create a service request to add the new catalog item in ServiceNow

Contact Service Desk via phone or email

Add a new catalog item in ServiceNow

Raise a Change Request to add the new catalog item in ServiceNow
8.In case of missing information, when can a service request be closed?
(1 Point)

It should be closed immediately as the necessary information is missing

It should be closed if the information is not provided within the defined timeframe

It should be closed only after consultation with the end-user

It should be kept under ‘Awaiting User Information’ status and never closed
9.When an Incident communication plan is triggered?
(1 Point)

When we declare major incidents

When the cause of incident is not known

When Incident Repeats

When it is a Problem
10.Which field do we use to get additional information from user?
(1 Point)

Work notes

Short Description

Additional Comments

State
11.What is the purpose of Request Fulfilment process?
(1 Point)

Dealing with the Change Requests from the users

Ensuring fulfilment of Service Requests

Ensuring SLAs are met

Ensuring all requests within an IT organization are fulfilled
12.Do we need Manager’s approval for reassigning tickets to other teams?
(1 Point)

No

Yes
13.Which process is primarily responsible for build, test and deployment of services?
(1 Point)

Release Management

Service Catalog Management

Request Fulfilment

Service Level Management
14.What is a Service Catalog?
(1 Point)

Request list dedicated for cross-functional services

A database containing service matrices

List of critical service changes

List of operational IT services
15.Can we close the initially logged Incident ticket after creating the Problem / Change ticket?
(1 Point)

Always

Sometime

Never
16.To log and initiate a service request end user can contact Service Desk via?
(1 Point)

Phone

Email

Self-Service Portal

All of the above
17.Which of the following is a correct statement for a Service Request?
(1 Point)

Service Request is an unplanned interruption to an IT service or reduction in the quality of an IT service

Service Request is a demand for a standard change or a request for information

Service Request is always fulfilled by Service Desk

Service Request is a subset of an Incident
18.Who is ultimately responsible to keep a Service Request record up to date with accurate and relevant information?
(1 Point)

User / Requester

Respective Support Teams

Track Lead

Change Manager
19.Which among the following is one of the key outputs of Request Fulfillment process?
(1 Point)

Rejected / Cancelled / Closed Service Requests

Request for Service Change

Request Models

SLAs and OLAs
20.Every P1 / P2 incident is a Major Incident?
(1 Point)

True

False
21.Which of the following statement about Parent Child relationship is correct in context of Incident Management?
(1 Point)

Parent Child relationship is used to link multiple similar issues with the first incident in the series

There is no relationship between the parent and child tickets

Parent Child relationship is used to create task for multiple teams

Parent Child relationship is used to work on multiple child incidents
22.Service Requests that impact Configuration Items should be satisfied using standard change
(1 Point)

True

False